here buddy
here's a devil dimension be 110 desktop
computer
and I'm I just got finished with it and
let me talk to you about these computers
a little bit Bray's - computers brought
for service was because it was getting
extremely slow and it had been too awful
long since I had reinstall windows on
his computer back then didn't seem too
awful bad but I'm here recently things
were getting extremely slow with it and
so first thing I did was I had a little
bit extra RAM - it had 512 Meg's of RAM
which is a decent amount for Windows XP
that one had an initial 256 Meg's
renting a total 768 - a little bit used
by it all more graphics when I'm even
after that this computer was still
extremely slow at loading things I mean
after after you let it sit for about
finally that scary thing loaded it would
run just fine but when you know starting
Windows it would take forever to even
start Windows I mean you will see that
Windows XP splash screen and the the
animation of the little bar going by it
remind me of Windows Vista it took so
long to load and even at your gig things
loaded up it still took forever to load
simple things like control pen or
windows task manager I mean the hard
type of deal with its run wide open and
I checked in task manager CPU usage was
low and memory usage was low but that
hard drive led was so wide open like the
hard drives to run itself wide open load
and everything so come to find out the
hard the stock hard driving this thing
is this extremely slow so what I did was
recently I found a old DVR system at the
thirst or his old DirecTV DVR
manufactured by Hughes and I had I just
happened to have a Western Digital WD
888 hard drive and and I found these
West older Western Digital hard drives
to be decent little performers even in
um if you want me to build a cheap when
there's this throw in a 7 computer yeah
enough older parts these hard drives
worked really well I mean they score
like a 5 point 4 winners experience
index which is actually on par with some
of the earlier SATA hard drives anyways
um
this computer the stock harddrive as you
can see it's in there but not plugged up
is a samsung spin point hard drive I
never knew these hard drives were a bit
slow and made a speech configuration I'm
not quite sure I have found out that for
some reason and some of my experiences
these Intel manufacturing motherboards
and let's say some who taught you hard
drives or say the Samsung spin point
hard drive it seemed like a real slow
configuration we have to use one of
those Western Digital hard drives like
this one the computer would be snappy
and that was the case with this computer
originally it took forever to start
Windows XP and like I was telling you
you would take furlough things like task
manager let's kind of like task managers
for the heck of it pulls it right up no
problem and let's say by now the only
old hard drive it will just now pulled
it up just to give you give you a
comparison but um anyway this thing has
the speed has increased dramatically and
there's another thing I'm going to talk
to you about about these Dale computers
even newer ones a cool little feature
that I wish many other computers
especially read some other boards for
custom build machines would have let's
go ahead and restruck this thing
seemed to run pretty fast now like I say
this isn't quite clean still has plenty
of programs and stuff on it so it does
have a pretty good bit of stuff to shut
down and load plenty of services and
pull Nia like programs such as like HP
printer programs icon so fast load
let's go into the buyers in this thing
let's say if you have an older Dale like
this one for example when you see that
it has a virus like this newer Dells had
like a selection menu over here and more
options on the right hand side these
older Dells have like this that's the
grayish looking screen newer Dells have
the bluish looking screen on this
machine just scroll down to IDE hard
drive acoustics mode and you have some
options here you have performance bypass
quiet suggested my default is usually
sent to bypass so it uses the stock hard
drive acoustic management system you set
to performance that tells the hard drive
to run wide open sets the hard drives a
am all make acoustic management to do
the performance setting so your hard
drive will be noticed with louder when
it's seeking for files but at the same
time it's running faster and it's
actually able to load things faster and
you'll notice it actually so that's
another thing i recommend if you have a
dell machine even a newer one like I
said the newer ones had this option too
and of course if you have to want your
hard drive to be quiet you can set to
quiet but you'll have a performance
impact not that much for you will notice
an impact in probably like your startup
performance loading files that kind of
stuff we'll set the spectral performance
and exit the BIOS and it's you an idea
this thing has a sarandí processor 2.53
gig CPU
anyways in the question or comments feel
free to ask